team/healthtech/service/logic/impl/PatientAllergiesServiceImpl.java
 team.healthtech.service.logic.impl.PatientAllergiesServiceImpl
team/healthtech/service/model/create_dto/AdminCreateDto.java
 team.healthtech.service.model.create_dto.AdminCreateDto
team/healthtech/service/model/DoctorSpecialitiesDto.java
 team.healthtech.service.model.DoctorSpecialitiesDto
team/healthtech/service/logic/impl/AllergyServiceImpl.java
 team.healthtech.service.logic.impl.AllergyServiceImpl
team/healthtech/service/mapper/DoctorSpecialitiesMapper.java
 team.healthtech.service.mapper.DoctorSpecialitiesMapper
team/healthtech/service/logic/impl/AdminServiceImpl.java
 team.healthtech.service.logic.impl.AdminServiceImpl
team/healthtech/service/logic/impl/PatientServiceImpl.java
 team.healthtech.service.logic.impl.PatientServiceImpl
team/healthtech/service/logic/SpecialityService.java
 team.healthtech.service.logic.SpecialityService
team/healthtech/service/model/TimeRecordDto.java
 team.healthtech.service.model.TimeRecordDto
team/healthtech/service/logic/CommentService.java
 team.healthtech.service.logic.CommentService
team/healthtech/service/validation/EmailUnique.java
 team.healthtech.service.validation.EmailUnique
team/healthtech/service/mapper/TimeRecordMapper.java
 team.healthtech.service.mapper.TimeRecordMapper
team/healthtech/service/model/create_dto/UserCreateDto.java
 team.healthtech.service.model.create_dto.UserCreateDto
team/healthtech/service/model/create_dto/CommentCreateDto.java
 team.healthtech.service.model.create_dto.CommentCreateDto
team/healthtech/service/validation/validator/StringEmailUnique.java
 team.healthtech.service.validation.validator.StringEmailUnique
team/healthtech/service/model/SpecialityDto.java
 team.healthtech.service.model.SpecialityDto
team/healthtech/service/mapper/PatientMapper.java
 team.healthtech.service.mapper.PatientMapper
team/healthtech/service/mapper/AllergyMapper.java
 team.healthtech.service.mapper.AllergyMapper
team/healthtech/service/mapper/UserMapper.java
 team.healthtech.service.mapper.UserMapper
team/healthtech/service/mapper/SpecialityMapper.java
 team.healthtech.service.mapper.SpecialityMapper
team/healthtech/service/model/UserDto.java
 team.healthtech.service.model.UserDto
team/healthtech/service/EntityNotFoundException.java
 team.healthtech.service.EntityNotFoundException
team/healthtech/service/model/PatientDto.java
 team.healthtech.service.model.PatientDto
team/healthtech/service/logic/impl/DoctorServiceImpl.java
 team.healthtech.service.logic.impl.DoctorServiceImpl
team/healthtech/service/security/HealthtechPasswordEncoder.java
 team.healthtech.service.security.HealthtechPasswordEncoder
team/healthtech/service/model/create_dto/AppointmentCreateDto.java
 team.healthtech.service.model.create_dto.AppointmentCreateDto
team/healthtech/service/model/AdminDto.java
 team.healthtech.service.model.AdminDto
team/healthtech/service/logic/impl/TimeRecordServiceImpl.java
 team.healthtech.service.logic.impl.TimeRecordServiceImpl
team/healthtech/service/model/create_dto/DoctorCreateDto.java
 team.healthtech.service.model.create_dto.DoctorCreateDto
team/healthtech/service/model/create_dto/PatientCreateDto.java
 team.healthtech.service.model.create_dto.PatientCreateDto
team/healthtech/service/model/update_dto/DiseaseUpdateDto.java
 team.healthtech.service.model.update_dto.DiseaseUpdateDto
team/healthtech/service/logic/AdminService.java
 team.healthtech.service.logic.AdminService
team/healthtech/service/ServiceConfiguration.java
 team.healthtech.service.ServiceConfiguration
team/healthtech/service/logic/impl/CommentServiceImpl.java
 team.healthtech.service.logic.impl.CommentServiceImpl
team/healthtech/service/logic/AllergyService.java
 team.healthtech.service.logic.AllergyService
team/healthtech/service/logic/DoctorService.java
 team.healthtech.service.logic.DoctorService
team/healthtech/service/logic/impl/PatientDiseasesServiceImpl.java
 team.healthtech.service.logic.impl.PatientDiseasesServiceImpl
team/healthtech/service/mapper/AdminMapper.java
 team.healthtech.service.mapper.AdminMapper
team/healthtech/service/model/CommentDto.java
 team.healthtech.service.model.CommentDto
team/healthtech/service/validation/LoginUnique.java
 team.healthtech.service.validation.LoginUnique
team/healthtech/service/logic/DoctorSpecialitiesService.java
 team.healthtech.service.logic.DoctorSpecialitiesService
team/healthtech/service/model/create_dto/DiseaseCreateDto.java
 team.healthtech.service.model.create_dto.DiseaseCreateDto
team/healthtech/service/security/Profile.java
 team.healthtech.service.security.Profile
team/healthtech/service/mapper/DiseaseMapper.java
 team.healthtech.service.mapper.DiseaseMapper
team/healthtech/service/logic/impl/DoctorSpecialitiesServiceImpl.java
 team.healthtech.service.logic.impl.DoctorSpecialitiesServiceImpl
team/healthtech/service/mapper/DoctorMapper.java
 team.healthtech.service.mapper.DoctorMapper
team/healthtech/service/model/DoctorDto.java
 team.healthtech.service.model.DoctorDto
team/healthtech/service/security/access/AccessPermission.java
 team.healthtech.service.security.access.AccessPermission
team/healthtech/service/model/DiseaseDto.java
 team.healthtech.service.model.DiseaseDto
team/healthtech/service/logic/PatientAllergiesService.java
 team.healthtech.service.logic.PatientAllergiesService
team/healthtech/service/logic/PatientDiseasesService.java
 team.healthtech.service.logic.PatientDiseasesService
team/healthtech/service/logic/TimeRecordService.java
 team.healthtech.service.logic.TimeRecordService
team/healthtech/service/logic/impl/SpecialityServiceImpl.java
 team.healthtech.service.logic.impl.SpecialityServiceImpl
team/healthtech/service/validation/validator/StringLoginUnique.java
 team.healthtech.service.validation.validator.StringLoginUnique
team/healthtech/service/model/AllergyDto.java
 team.healthtech.service.model.AllergyDto
team/healthtech/service/validation/for_update/LoginUniqueForUpdate.java
 team.healthtech.service.validation.for_update.LoginUniqueForUpdate
team/healthtech/service/security/ProfileMapper.java
 team.healthtech.service.security.ProfileMapper
team/healthtech/service/logic/PatientService.java
 team.healthtech.service.logic.PatientService
team/healthtech/service/mapper/CommentMapper.java
 team.healthtech.service.mapper.CommentMapper
team/healthtech/service/validation/for_update/EmailUniqueForUpdate.java
 team.healthtech.service.validation.for_update.EmailUniqueForUpdate
team/healthtech/service/security/access/AccessPermissionImpl.java
 team.healthtech.service.security.access.AccessPermissionImpl
