team/healthtech/db/repository/CommentRepository.java
 team.healthtech.db.repository.CommentRepository
team/healthtech/db/DatabaseConfiguration.java
 team.healthtech.db.DatabaseConfiguration
team/healthtech/db/entity/DoctorSpecialityId.java
 team.healthtech.db.entity.DoctorSpecialityId
team/healthtech/db/converter/SpecialitiesConverter.java
 team.healthtech.db.converter.SpecialitiesConverter
team/healthtech/db/repository/UserRepository.java
 team.healthtech.db.repository.UserRepository
team/healthtech/db/entity/Speciality.java
 team.healthtech.db.entity.Speciality
team/healthtech/db/projection/SomeProjection.java
 team.healthtech.db.projection.SomeProjection
team/healthtech/db/entity/PatientAllergyId.java
 team.healthtech.db.entity.PatientAllergyId
team/healthtech/db/entity/Allergy.java
 team.healthtech.db.entity.Allergy
team/healthtech/db/entity/enums/Allergy.java
 team.healthtech.db.entity.enums.Allergy
team/healthtech/db/repository/AppointmentRepository.java
 team.healthtech.db.repository.AppointmentRepository
team/healthtech/db/entity/AppointmentEntity.java
 team.healthtech.db.entity.AppointmentEntity
team/healthtech/db/entity/CommentEntity.java
 team.healthtech.db.entity.CommentEntity
team/healthtech/db/repository/PatientRepository.java
 team.healthtech.db.repository.PatientRepository
team/healthtech/db/converter/AllergyConverter.java
 team.healthtech.db.converter.AllergyConverter
team/healthtech/db/entity/PatientEntity.java
 team.healthtech.db.entity.PatientEntity
team/healthtech/db/entity/TimeRecordsEntity.java
 team.healthtech.db.entity.TimeRecordsEntity
team/healthtech/db/entity/UserEntity.java
 team.healthtech.db.entity.UserEntity
team/healthtech/db/entity/DiseaseEntity.java
 team.healthtech.db.entity.DiseaseEntity
team/healthtech/db/entity/DoctorEntity.java
 team.healthtech.db.entity.DoctorEntity
team/healthtech/db/entity/DoctorsSpecialitiesEntity.java
 team.healthtech.db.entity.DoctorsSpecialitiesEntity
team/healthtech/db/repository/DoctorsSpecialitiesRepository.java
 team.healthtech.db.repository.DoctorsSpecialitiesRepository
